Update tests to work with nightly latest build (#45)
crate/jmx_exporter: CHANGES.rst

Breaking changes
================

> - Removed outdated metrices from query stats, threadpools and circut breakers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed outdated metrics from query stats, threadpools and circuit breakers.

```
